I wish there was a way to know you are in the good old days before you leave them.
Seasons 2 to 5 are some of the best comedy ever made for TV. It does fall off eventually but those seasons aew just incredible. Endlessly rewatchable.
I rewatch the office basically every year
yeh the first few episodes are really cringey with michael, glad it gets more comfortable after that
Op, try Arrested development next. Also Fisk if you have ABC I View.
season one is actually real gold 😆 not easy to watch but rewarding for its unflinching look at how real things can be. but i understand it’s not for everyone. glad you found the show and got into it tho!!
S1 isn't even really the US office. It's quite a different show since it's the UK story/script.
You like the office, which Mike Shur was a writer on. He left in season 5 to create Parks and Rec with the Office's (US) creator and show runner Greg Daniels, which you also liked. Look at Mike Shur's catalogue because he has created or written for some fantastic television.
Now go visit r/DunderMifflin
[deleted]
It's a pretty clever show. One of my favorite episodes is "Murder". That's comedy gold
As someone who never watched the show when it was on and decided to try it on Netflix a couple years ago I can honestly say it's one of the best shows ever created. If you're having a bad day throw on the office and it'll make it a little better.
Hell ya!
Well said!
You may to go check out the diffrent versions of the office... Last time I checked I think there was 15 plus from around the world.
It's such a brilliant show for the most part, many modern day sitcoms are poorly written and hardly make me laugh, but this did. Just like peak simpsons, the writing is fantastic, and Steve Carell was perfect as Michael Scott. However it does just like every other show go downhill from season to season. I personally believe that Seasons 1 - 3 were peak of the show, and starting with season 4 the change is slowly becoming noticable. Don't get me wrong, Seasons 4 and 5 are still very enjoyable and have classic episodes like the Dinner Party one, but the writing for some episodes was mediocre at best. People say that the show went downhill after Michael leaves but it already did even when he was there. It was only after he left that they ruined Andy's character and taken out a lot of depth from all the characters. Show indeed is still watchable till the end and you can't expect a show to stay at its best for 9 seasons, it's just a shame I guess. This comment is very pointless, but I just felt like saying how I felt about the show sorry.
The quality drops before Michael leaves. It’s as good as it gets for about three seasons. 
As someone who spent years without finishing it after about season 5 I finally watched the rest of it and thought the post Michael Scott seasons were pretty decent, especially with James Spader who, while was pretty unrealistic in the scope of the show, had some incredible funny moments. 
It dips after about season 5 and unwatchable after steve carrell leaves
After Seinfeld ended its run I thought there’d never be a show I find to be that funny again. And along came the office and I was hooked. Watched until Michael Scott left.
Halfway through season 1 happens to be when they started writing original episodes for the US version IIRC. I think I watched the whole series at least 3 times during quarantine. That, Peep Show, and P&R :P
The Office was my COVID binge. I had seen the British version years ago. It was watchable but I didn’t love it. I was tired of missing out on references to the show from friends so I finally started it. I found the show much more enjoyable when they made Michael more likeable. Ellie Kempler is also think Ellie Kempler is super adorable.
Being a 34 year old, beer drinking Aussie bloke, I don't normally go for soppy rom com crap, 
Also how ignorant are you to find this show charming  Everyone in that office was terrible, and Michael Scott was an incompetent racist piece of shit.
I love when people who ruined their lives having kids make these long rambling posts.
nm
So should I get peacock or buy the blu ray collection. Because I've rewatched The Office about 8 times now
The writers did Andy Bernard really dirty towards the end, but I'm glad they gave him that line. After all the b.s. and love, he really delivered that line and it sticks.
This one hurts.
Season 2 is incredible. There’s literally an episode that revolves around someone taking a shit on the carpet in Michael’s office lol
aew just incredible
I know you're excited, but let's not say things we can't take back...
think the Florida Arc is hilarious
I know people didn't like Robert California, but I personally thought he had some of the funniest moments in the entire show. He was good as a one season character I think. Any more would have been too much.
Michael is a huge douche in season 1. Very unlikeable. But they changed his character to be more of a loveable idiot and it worked so well
Yep; from what I remember in an interview, the writers realized that the tone of the original UK show just wasn’t playing all that well with American audiences. The Dundies (Season 2’s premiere) deliberately brought the characters outside the office so that other people - strangers - started shitting all over Michael. 
Cheers mate, will do
I think that's mostly just the 1st episode, which is nearly a shot for shot remake
The first episode written specifically for the US version was when Michael had to pick a healthcare plan, episode 3, which is unique to Americans
Will do! Thx.
Begone you seductive temptress! You tease me with these morsels of hope!
PARKOUR!
Seasons 1-4 has Greg Daniels as the showrunner. The quality dropped significantly when Paul Lieberstein took over in season 5.
Also when Dwight mangles the CPR dummy
I wouldn't say unwatchable, definitely not as good tho.
You have high standards if you find the last two seasons of the Office unwatchable
It’s unfortunately how I’ve felt watching it for the first time. I’m at the start of season 8 and have had no desire to continue. The drop in quality is quite substantial in season 7, but I’m at the point where I haven’t went back for months.
It’s for verification purposes. If he didn’t mention the beer, how could we be sure he’s a real Aussie?
Oi cunt, you must be fun at parties.
I love when people don’t keep their mouths shut and say shitty things.
Was gonna make the same joke about MJF
Same! Full gear is gonna be nuts
There's nothing to take back. I simply stated facts.
The murder cold opening is always fun
He is an interesting character 
I usually love comedy TV. Recently started season 1 and I can't stand how Michael is such a prick in season 1. And the first 5-7 episodes are so cringy that I could barely watch them.
AD is fantastic but you have to pay attention.  They go very hard on all forms of comedy, so you got sight gags, word play, sarcasm, call backs and heeps of subtilty on top of the just standard comedic fare. Its kinda like "Airplane!" in a sense because you sort of notice new things everytime you watch it.  
Yup their main requirement was Gervais was the pilot should be shot for shot
I don't think so, I'm pretty sure It's most of the first season
you can find them for Parks and Rec too, the use to put them on Hulu as producers or directors cuts.
So it was literally Toby’s fault. 😂
Season 8 was VERY rough around the edges but still had some memorable episodes that I liked. Season 9 was a complete slog I only watched for completion/resolution that I will never again watch sans the finale which was okay.
could be an irishman posing
You first.
Stick with it, parks and recreation was very rough its first season too then got incredible, same creator
Having seen both, the first episode is the only one that is the same between the US and UK versions. After the pilot, the storylines are completely different. But it's definitely true that the first season was trying to match the more bleak tone of the UK version, especially with Michael.
I believe your wrong
The thought crossed my mind, but there are a few subtle clues that tells you OP is Australian.
